{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29200\viewh15920\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 AGENTTA MVP\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 Project Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 AGENTTA (Agents Enhancing Natural Task Technology Automation) is an innovative project exploring the potential of AI agents to augment and automate digital workflows. Our mission is to harness the power of AI to create intelligent, adaptive systems that enhance productivity and enable new possibilities.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Philosophy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 At AGENTTA, we believe in a whole-to-part approach to technology. Before diving into the technical details, we first consider the broader implications and philosophical underpinnings of our work. By grounding our efforts in a thoughtful, human-centric perspective, we aim to build AI systems that are not only effective but also ethical and aligned with human values.\
As a team with diverse backgrounds spanning the arts, finance, and technology, we bring a unique multidisciplinary lens to the challenges of AI development. We are product designers at heart, striving to craft elegant, intuitive solutions that empower users and push the boundaries of what's possible.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Repository Structure\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 /src/agents
\f1\fs24 : Contains the implementations of individual AI agents, each focused on a specific capability or domain. These modular agents can be composed and orchestrated to tackle complex tasks.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 /src/core
\f1\fs24 : Houses the core infrastructure and shared utilities that power the AGENTTA platform. This includes frameworks for agent communication, task planning, and knowledge representation.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 /docs
\f1\fs24 : Provides comprehensive documentation for the AGENTTA system. Here you'll find guides, API references, and conceptual overviews to help you understand and leverage the platform's capabilities.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 /scripts
\f1\fs24 : Contains utility scripts for deploying, configuring, and automating various aspects of the AGENTTA system. These scripts streamline common tasks and ensure consistent environments.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 /marketing
\f1\fs24 : Stores marketing materials and strategies related to promoting AGENTTA to potential users and stakeholders. This includes presentations, case studies, and campaign assets.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs26 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 /tests
\f1\fs24 : Houses the automated testing suite for the AGENTTA platform. We believe in rigorous testing to maintain a high quality codebase and catch potential issues early.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Getting Started\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 To learn more about AGENTTA and how to get involved, please see our \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Contribution Guidelines\cf0 \ulnone \strokec2 . Whether you're a developer looking to build on the platform, or a stakeholder interested in leveraging AI agents for your organization, we welcome your participation!\
Join us on this exciting journey as we reimagine the future of work through the lens of artificial intelligence. Together, let's build adaptive, intelligent systems that augment human potential and push the boundaries of what's possible.\
}